mention S3 as the alternative (#7)
PostHog/posthog-databricks-plugin: README.md

> Recommended alternative for PostHog cloud users: S3 batch exports
> 
> # PostHog Databricks Plugin
> 

Reviewer: The content is fine, but it reads a bit ambiguous: what is the alternative to what? Maybe, we can be a bit more explicit and eye-catching:
```suggestion
# PostHog Databricks Plugin

> ℹ️ This plugin is only available for self-hosted users. Users of PostHog cloud should look into [S3 batch exports](https://posthog.com/docs/cdp/batch-exports/s3) and [connecting databricks to S3](https://docs.databricks.com/en/storage/amazon-s3.html) as an alternative.
```

Reviewer: A bit nitty though, so feel free to ignore. I'll approve the PR.

Author: thank you :)
